"Speaker 1: I'm Katie Wagner, I'm an intern
from Germany, I'm a pharmacy student and as
I said I'm doing an internship here at UCSF
at the Bioengineering and Pharmaceutical department.
My project is on HIV drugs, I'm interested
in special transporter and the liver, it's
like a protein which transports different
substrates or different molecules into the
liver cells where they get metabolized so
the body can get rid of it.
Because some of the HIV drugs inhibit the
transporter and HIV patients get a lot of
different drugs so that's a big field for
working with the transporters in the liver.
I'm a rock climber so most of the time that
I'm not in the lab I'll be either in a gym
or more or less outdoors rock climbing, hiking,
backpacking.
What I like about rock climbing is there's
also a trial and error, there's always getting
something new out of the whole experience
and maybe it's not working, maybe it is working.
I've been doing pharmacy for four years now
and I wanted to see something different than
just ordinary pharmacy so I thought research
would be a good thing.
I have cells growing so I'm tending to my
cells everyday.
I have cells which express my transporter
that I'm interested in.
The transporter is called OATP1B1, it's like
a special transporter which transports a lot
of drugs which then leads me to the field
of research that I'm doing because I'm trying
to find out the amount of some drugs which
inhibit the transporter so which stop the
transporter working.
So other subsets cannot get into the cell
and the body cannot get rid of them so they
will get a high concentration in the body
and the people get more sick than they were
before.
I did not know that research was not always
about getting good results but about getting
bad results to or none results at all.
Are you sure I should transfer it because
I think I cannot get everything out of it
when it's.
Speaker 2: That's fine.
Then yeah I would add in the original, so
add in an equal volume to this and try to
get it to go into solution.
Speaker 1: Okay.
But I guess that's, like everyone has to find
that out.
Just you have to like what you do.
I think that's the most important thing.
Be interested in what you do."